The Joe Rogan experience. If aliens are real,
I'm not a hundred percent of events, but I'm probably like 90% convinced.
But if they are real, I leave in the room for. It's like, Jamie,
get a picture of your shirt.
The shirt you're wearing, why we're talking.
About that? It's a UFO. It says, can they see it?
Believe that that's a dope shirt.
That's a saucer. If I've ever seen one. I think if they're, if they're here,
they're not going.
To let us. That's what I think.
That's what I think they're gonna swoop in and go, Hey, Hey, Hey, well,
that's fine, Jack.
I'm 25. Right? I can't speak on anything,
but just looking from past experience and
you know, there's like drawings, like even in the Mona Lisa,
there's a weird thing or whatever in the background and,
but there's a spike. It's a spike in like,
because.
It's getting pretty weird here.
The spike,
they think it's hard to tell because sometimes when people talk about UFO's a
bunch of other people hallucinate or lie, like there's a lot of that, right?
So every time there's a real legit UFO, you get a bunch of nuts, just nutcases,
who just want to tell crazy about being taken.
I mean, would you say what it looks like I was in,
I was probably 16.
I was at in upstate New York and, uh,
it would just stay there. So I, whoa, let me precursor this.
My aunt and uncle were very strict and we had to go to bed at a very
strict deadline, probably 10:00 PM.
And I was looking out the window with my cousin and it's just a
light that just stays there and then just goes off.
I mean, you just, you can't explain it.
Well, if you're seven you're 17 at the time, 16, 16. How, uh,
probably how strong is this memory when you're like looking at it when you try
and remember medium. Medium. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean,
there's something there for sure.
Something took off and did something that didn't make sense to you. For sure.
Hm. And then Utah, I mean, their happens all the time. I mean, even here in LA,
I can't tell you how many times. Cause I used to live in Tarzana. So,
uh, there was like a balcony here and it looked kinda like,
it sounds corny, but like a classic, like forcefield,
whenever you think of a force field and it just kinda goes like this and it's
kind of like a dome in a circular shape
and it just goes like this and it goes back in whoa,
in Tarzana looking down at the city. And I'm like,
how did no one else see this? They might have,
but I was there with like four other people and they saw it too.
The thing about unique events is if a unique event happens and
it never happens again. It's hard to remember.
It's hard to be sure what you saw. It's hard, but if aliens are visiting us,
like how often are they doing it?
Like unique events would probably be what it would be, right.
It'd be like occasionally once every six months someone sees one somewhere,
but they're here all the time. They probably just know how to evade detection.
I mean, it just, if something can travel here from another planet,
it's going to be able to know when they're being watched and when they're not
being watched, that's not going.
To be hard. That's why you gotta wonder if it's like intentional. I.
Think there's enough.
Talk about it now that we're probably going to find out what it is in our
lifetime. I never would think that before.
I think the government withheld information, for whatever reason,
maybe they think people are scared. Maybe they think it's a threat to gov to,
you know,
the national security to have a bunch of people worried that aliens are flying
around us all the time. There's nothing we can do about it.
Maybe they like had a conversation and they thought maybe it'd be better to keep
people in the quiet or keep them in the dark so that they don't freak out
because there's nothing we can do about it. Anyway,
if we just tell them that there's aliens that are visiting us all the time,
right? That's not going to be good.
They're not going to pay attention to taxes and mortgage rates and the stock
market.
They're going to care about uranium and.
They're around us all the time. They're going to be,
people are going to freak out. So I think like little drops of F like this,
the recent one, they said where they, yeah. Whether.
The Pentagon just say, yeah, they said they've.
Recovered crafts that are not from this world.
Not made on earth, not made on earth, not made on earth.
They're basically saying we don't know what the it is, but we didn't make it
that's bananas.
And I think that's going to lead to more and more information coming out about
it. Well, we're going to try to get a sense of understanding.
Like how long have they known this? You know,
how much of like all that Roswell New Mexico was true or tell us what was
going on.
It backtracking. You gotta wonder if like, oh,
we've been hiding this the whole time. Or this is the first time for real,
that we don't.
Know. This is what I like to think.
I like to think that the people that are in charge at the Pentagon are Patriots
and they realize it's probably better.
Especially when you're dealing with the United States in this kind of turmoil
that they're in right now.
It's crazy between racial turmoil and turmoil with the police and
turmoil with, uh, people, uh, protesting and cities and blocking traffic.
There's so much crazy turmoil. They'd be like, no, one's even gonna notice now,
just let it say it now to say, yeah, we got UFO's like, everything is so crazy.
The new cycle of any crazy story. Like this is only a few days.
And then people forget.
Well, or it's just people already know,
and it's just normalization or you, and you think about movies.
It's just normalizing you to the idea that I can't even
like the Canadian. I don't quote me on this.
But a Canadian, someone in office was like,
there's like seven species of aliens in the U S government.
It would be crazy if it was true that, you know, Tommy Lee Jones and Wilson.
Y'all remember that all along. Yeah. Check that out. Please fact,
check that for me. A loony person though. I have no idea.
People can get elected and still be crazy. That's a proper, certain,
that's a problem. You know, just because like,
when you hear about someone having like a really high profile job and they say
something crazy,
it doesn't mean they're not crazy just because they're the prime minister of
some country. They could be out of their mind. What do we got?
It was kind of close to that. How close?
Well, yeah, as former defense minister claims that aliens are real,
apparently there is a humanoid ask.
Race of aliens called the tall whites living among us.
Huh?
What publication is this? Vice?
There's a few other places. Well, there's a field.
It's like a real, real deal.
Come on. That's crazy. Yeah. That.
Is crazy. The thing is, is that guy nuts? Like what else does he believe in?
You know, how, w how does he feel about ghosts, right? When you, uh,
think about like an alien signing. Like, if you saw an alien,
they never saw one again for the rest of your life, you would be you,
it would with your memory. Even if the alien was real. If,
if a saucer emerged in front of you, then it took off.
This is the same thing with a ghost. Like if you saw a ghost,
if you walked into your basement to go get a screw for something, and you turn,
and he saw an apparition of a woman, right. Was like staring you down.
Did you ever see that? Where Moe Del Toro movie about the lady,
who's a ghost to adopt kids. No, dude.
It's a dark movie. What is it called mother? What is, what is it called?
It's.
Creepy. Isn't it? It's like horror movies.
Me too. I love it. I'm a dirty little. I love horror movies.
I think it's called mama. Mama. Yes.
Oh, is that that's not what you to Swedish kids, right?
Um, I don't dish. You have two sons. Did you see this? Nah, she has two kids.
I haven't seen that.
Um, she, well, I don't want to give it away. I don't give the story away,
but it's crazy.
She finds these kids in the woods and raises them and she's a ghost and it's a,
Tara, she's.
A ghost. And so is that a spoiler.
Kids? They find the kids. I can't tell you anymore.
Boiler alert. I can't tell you anymore. No, you know,
she's a ghost from the very beginning. Okay. Okay, good. Yeah.
This is terrifying.
Dude. It's horrifying. It's a terrifying movie. Well,
you get the best of both worlds.
Right? You get a creepy, like mom's style. And then you get creepy kids,
which are like terrifying.
What's the movie say.
More without, um, well, spoiler alert in it.
There's a, I think it may be called. It might become,
so it's two kids. It might be Swedish or, um,
like Norwegian or something.
Is it the vampire movie? No, there's a vampire movie. A foreign vampire movie.
Is it let the right one in? I think it is.
Or is that the American version of it? Let the right one in is a scary movie.
That's a scary movie, right? Yeah. That's a vampire movie about vampire kids,
right? Yeah. See,
the thing about a ghost is if you saw one and it was,
if they're just real,
every now and then you saw one and it was right in front of you and you're in
the woods,
you're going to walk your dog and you see some old man with no legs floating in
front of you. Good night. Mommy is a good night. Mommy. What's this one about?
I don't know, same kind of deal.
Oh, Jesus Christ. Good. Yeah. I missed it.
Scary lady in the corner. Check that mother out. I'm scared,
but you see him in the woods. Yeah, please. Oh.
Yeah. If you saw some,
some apparition in the woods and then you never saw it again for the rest of
your life, it doesn't mean it wasn't real. Right?
It just means it's really rare that that happens. Like,
that's a thing about a unique event. Like imagine if you're an aunt,
your whole life, right. All you've ever known as this handheld,
everybody's chilling, working every day, chopping up leaves,
going out and getting popcorn or whatever it finds.
And then one day some person comes along like post Malone,
just stomps the out of that anthill, till that moment,
all that thing has ever known was that that anthill never even knew that it was
possible for something that could cause it's been alive for a couple of weeks.
And during that couple of weeks, no one's ever stumped on the anthill,
but then it happens.
And then you realize that there's no pattern to these things.
Anything can happen. Like if you're,
if you're a person aliens can land and land on the white house lawn tomorrow and
take over the world. And there's nothing we can do about it.
Like that could be our new normal, okay. masks.
The new normal is there's alien,
spaceships that hover over every city and they tell you what to do.
And you have to work for them now forever.
An argument we're smarter than that.
Yes we are. But we're in comparison,
probably dumber than aliens are like we're dumping in comparison to aliens.
Then ants are to people.
Well, that's why you like all these celestial sightings. Yeah. I mean,
this is all spit balling here, but it could be possible. Right?
Celestial sightings
documented throughout history, your history, you,
Hey, I just made a fire. This is dope. Right? Fire is cool.
But what the is that?
That has to be know God like man has always looked
up for answers. It's true. And so that's,
that's, that's why it's a scary thing.
Because do they want to hurt us or do they.
Are they, did we come from them? I.
Don't think it's impossible.
I don't think it's impossible that we're a product of genetic manipulation.
I don't know if we are. I know we're definitely primates.
We're just play things. Maybe we just look.
So different than every other monkey. All the other monkeys are covered in hair.
This is this weird semi hairless monkey, you know,
who knows how to use electronics?
Who knows how to send each video through the sky on a narky? Yes,
yes. Yes.
My, my, yeah. I've Lou is here. I got a great friend, Lou, shout out to Lou.
He would.
Talk your ear off about this whole.
About this to an actual archeologist yesterday or the nephrology Garrett. Yeah,
the Neville M or the Annunaki from planet.
Nibiru all that Zacharias Hitchin stuff. You ever read those books? No, sir.
The books are weird, man. You know, it's weird.
Like there's stuff that he was saying in like,
I believe it was like the 1970s where he was deciphered during these, uh, texts.
And one of the things that he said is this is the craziest.
One of all humans were genetically engineered from lower primates
and they were used to harm to a harvest gold and that the
Annunaki needed gold because gold is very plentiful here and
very hard to find very rare on their planet. Right.
And they engineered humans to mine. That's why people love gold so much.
If you think about like the usefulness of gold, gold,
isn't even remotely it's unless you're making electronics,
like gold is not the best metal. Like why is it so valuable?
Because it's pretty, what's not even the prettiest.
Like rubies are prettier than gold. Emeralds are pretty than gold. White gold.
So expensive. Where does diamonds fit in? It's a good question.
Probably just someone tricked to check the thinking. It was a good move.
I was reading about like, yeah,
that's what it's like one movie.
She had a diamond and then bloody pop. Let me finish.
What I'm saying, because this is where it gets weird.
They said that they needed it to hang in their atmosphere to
protect them from the sun because they were losing their atmosphere. Well,
we're losing our atmosphere.
And one of the things that scientists have suggested is hanging
reflective particles above, above the earth,
like putting them in orbit all like a reflective dust in orbit so that it would
mute out some of the effects of the sun. So what they suggested,
what he was saying in 19 eight is what they suggested in like
2018. Right.
So when they're talking about how to fix some of the global warming issues,
they were literally saying some of the stuff that was in this book that he was
reading, uh, you know, he's deciphering the,
these ancient Sumerian texts from 6,000 years ago. No.
Yeah. I don't know. I was about to ask interpretation. Where did he get it from?
He.
Is just a guy.
Who's a linguist who studies these ancient languages and reinterprets them.
But it's very highly in dispute. That's the problem. Like you are not, you are,
you are, I, we're not going to figure it out.
We're not going to know who's right, right. It's too complicated. Right.
But there's a website called Cichon is wrong.com. And if you go there,
it refutes all of this. I don't know. Who's right. Who's wrong.
But it's interesting to see the argument, but again, what the,
whatever the was going on back then at 6,000 years ago, whatever was going on,
they were.
Writing about some wacky right there.
And is that the shrooms or is that, is it content I'm re yeah.
You know.
That's,
it's not impossible that we could have easily been contacted by some
other life form. That's similar to us, but that's a million years advanced.
It could have been contacted all throughout history, right? Yeah.
Up until 1860, whatever the it was all you would have as a drawing and a story.
Imagine that.
How famous people, who the knows.
But now if you look at the last 200 years,
it is accelerated like a.
And there's so much like 200 years ago,
people would look at, uh,
the Bronco or anything like that and be like, what the? What is that?
It happened so quick. It's.
Happening so quick right now. I mean, they,
that space X thing they've already, they've figured out how to get something,
to fly into the sky and then bring it back and land it. It's insane. Yeah.
We are in a weird time. And if the aliens come right now, it's the,
probably the best time to come or we're going to be the most relaxed about it.
No, one's been able to work for six months.
Yeah. I feel like everybody's oh,
what's people are scared to shake hands when you get to this terrified,
are you going to say, hi, are you, are you going to grab your boat?
Oh, I'm going to say hi for sure. I'm not stupid. Could come here.
It's integration. Yeah.
I'm not even interested in kicking someone's from another dimension.
I just want to say hi. Tell me what's up. Tell me what's actually,
I want to have an alien on the podcast.
Imagine I could call Tyler up three foot tall,
40 pound dude with a giant bulbous head and like
antenna, like fingers. And he's explaining how they traverse space.
You imagine they're making sounds and you interpret those sounds no matter what
language you're in all over the world,
you instantaneously interpret what they're saying.
Brain you, and be able to hear them. If they would do it through a podcast
near the sounds, they make this sound
[inaudible].
They would hit you with some sound that's so complex.
You would understand exactly what they're saying.
Even though you don't know the language and everybody would be like,
what in the is going on? Oh my God. There's an alien on the JRE.
And that's what it would be me talking to some alien.
They better give you some more money.
I think that's the least of our problems in the aliens. Come.
That is going to be wiped out. That's when we need gold. Yeah.
We're going to be gold miners. Again, folks,
we're going to look for some sturdy person with a wide back.
That's where that's, what's going to be valuable.
But I mean, good enough to mind gold. I don't know.
Imagine if that's life in the future, they come down and go,
you get two choices. Oh, eat one. We eat you two.
You mind gold for us or they eat, stay alive. Why not? Why wouldn't they eat us?
They'd be like, listen, you guys are just protein. You're. They.
Probably eat clouds. Yeah. Or like energy. They probably just eat energy.
Yeah. They may be. They just exist in some sort of a, like a.
Material. Probably. They're.
Probably just a theorial.
Well, maybe they figured out a way to make life.
So maybe they figured out a way how to make life,
where you can transfer your consciousness and some eternal mechanical thing.
Okay.